life is going quite fast so it's very
important to do something that you love
and don't do something that you have to
do when I am on my horse I think about
people who are working in the city and
they don't have the luck that we have my
name is Fredrick Gong and I am Guardian
in the command
[Music]
you can say that the gajin is the cowboy
of the commode that the Guardian is the
Guardian in the cowboy is the cowboy my
father get his first horse when he was
around 14 year old he always have loved
this region in this this type of work so
I just take behind my father
the horses in the castle you find that
onion collage they are very adapted to
this region into this weather and to
this type of life or the Guardian the
horse is the most important collect my
horses name is empirical it's very great
to have a horse who can help you like
this one
there are bulls and cows who have breed
for camel grazing but it's very
different from carita there is no death
of the bull inside the arena and it's a
game between some young boys you have to
catch some tag on the horn of the booth
[Music]
maybe during winter when it's quite cold
and you can have strong winds more than
100 km/h then you have to start early in
the morning to go and feed everybody
because the Bulls and the horses they
don't have any weekend then any free day
[Music]
the job of the Guardian apps which beat
in 200 years ago we have to do a lot of
paper we have to do lot of thing in the
office so when I am on my horse I am out
of everything and just thinking of my
horse and of my booze and of the Kamala
[Music]
it's maybe not the job where we will win
a lot of money but my which is just here
in the command Wonka correlogram Yasuda
young commander
[Music]
you